The more, the warmer and the more interesting the person is,
the more I give them of myself. How.
Does Larry David handle it? He's not.
Bad. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a big fan. Oh, thank you. You know all about that.
It's not. Yeah, thanks. I've I've seen him go through because it was it.
I saw him become famous. You know, he was Fridays,
he created Seinfeld, but that still wasn't the fame that he has now.
So I saw him through curb. Your enthusiasm become truly iconic.
So he's had trouble figuring out how to people want to
take a picture. People, you know, well, how do I do it?
And it's always changing. He's never an. It's.
Truly one of the greatest comedy shows of all time. Well, thank you.
A hundred percent. And I have to say the new season,
we're about to film in October.
The storyline may be my favorite and it's really subtle and
fun. It's like one of those things like, oh, I it's like,
I think people watching it will feel that they're living a fantasy.
And after the first one air, I'm happy to come back and talk about it.
You know what I mean? Yeah. Because that premise of where we're going is.
Delightful. I love how HBO gives him sort of car blanche. They're like,
you know, take a couple years off. Do whatever the you want. Like yeah.
Takes him.
It's pretty great. Yeah. Well, for Larry, it's not about the money, right?
Of course. It's about, can I do another good show?
And that makes us different than most shows in history. Yeah. And, uh, he,
um, he only wants to do good work and enjoy himself.
Otherwise there's no reason. Yeah. And, uh,
and HBO is smart that.
Way. The genius, I mean, look, you think about the,
the show Sopranos gay Thrones. Yeah. No, they,
they know how to let a show, just be a show. They.
From what I understand, they give a lot of notes on their pilots,
but once you become a series, they kind of leave you alone. That's amazing.
You know, whereas, um,
when you're doing a network show or from other pay sources,
I've heard that the notes never stop.
Well, when I was on comedy's radio, comedy is.
The easiest thing to ruin with notes. Drama can survive notes.
Comedy cannot because it's like the, uh, you know, doing comedies, like,
you know, the, the, the dominoes.
And if you take one of those and just move it a little to the left of the right,
you're screwing up the whole.
Thing. That's a very good point. Yeah. When I was on news radio,
we weren't successful. And that is when you get the notes. We were,
so my friend, Lou Morton, who was one of the writers,
he would wear a shirt every Monday after the ratings would come in with a number
on it, he would take a white t-shirt and write it. And one day he came in,
the number said, 88. I go, dude. Really? He goes, yeah, we're 88th. I'm like.
I was like, God, I'm gonna save money about three years.
Right. Five, five years. Yeah.
So the point being is that was an immensely successful show. Barely.
Bar barely made it. If.
You stay on the air.
That's pretty great. No, no, no. For sure. I mean,
it's definitely better than being canceled.
But the point being is that we were never a hit. So we always got notes.
We're constantly getting notes. Like we need a gay neighbor,
we need a black guy, we need a, a, we need a, this, we needed that.
We need a love interest. We need a.
I'd watch that show by the way, the gay neighbor and the black guy.
If that was the name of the show, I'd be in, that's.
A probably good name of a sitcom, a gay.
Neighbor, black guy lives next to a gay neighbor. And.
It's the problems they do.
There's a lot of sitcoms and I don't wanna name names, but I watch them.
And I know they're very, very, very successful.
And I watch them and I'm stunned. I don't understand it. It's like,
they're speaking a different language.
I don't get it either. I, I don't, I don't, but I don't watch comedy. Man.
Think it's middle America. I think there's,
there's something going on on with tired people. No, you.
Know what it is. Here's something that I notice.
This is something that's recent to that audiences
now respond to what they think is supposed to be
funny. Like real comedy fans, Doug radio,
like people who dug comedy. I think Doug news,
radio people who did comedy dig curb. Do we have other kind of fans too? Yes.
But I find that comedy fans really do get comedy. Right.
But everybody likes to say they like comedy or they watch comedy and they may
not have any to humor. Right. So I find there was a show.
I'll give you an example. And this one was like the specific,
and I don't care if I'm slamming it.
It was the something in the girl in the apartment B or the
and something B <laugh>. It was, um, lead actors, very talented. But I,
I watched the show and the rhythms were,
this is what comedy is it. Wasn't funny.
It didn't have a natural vibe to it.
It had no reason for me to keep watching it,
but it was done in a style that other shows have done since
where this is how comedy's done.
This is the way we spin a line or do a situation.
And I don't know why, but it always involves a lot of that,
that putting the, the,
the spin on the ball or what English dancing in English. Yeah. Dance.
It has a lot to do with that.
Because even if you watch a lot of Nickelodeon shows or Disney shows,
they tend to do that. They put the spin on it.
It's never funny enough just to have, here's the thing about comedy, TV,
comedy. I think for the most part,
you're supposed to be enthralled with the situation, right? It's the situation.
So the situation Lucy got into a situation. Yes.
And you laughed at Lucy dealing with the situation. I really,
I bet in tire time, Lucy ran on the,
ran on the air that there might have been 12 great jokes that she said in this
situation, you're laughing on how she deals with the situation.
It's a very good point. And you look at any great comedy and that's what it is.
It's Larry David dealing with a situation. Yes it's it's um,
so, and by the way, one thing,
Larry and I are very proud about with Curber enthusiasm.
If one of us says something funny to the other one, cuz we improvise, we laugh.
So these shows you see, right?
People say these lines written by writers and then the audience laughs if it's
on stage, but yet the actors don't laugh at one another.
That's wrong. Right. It doesn't make any.
Sense. So on a lot of levels, it's just not right.
And then there are shows now that I've watched for maybe five minutes where
my, I cannot believe how they're how terrible they are. Yeah.
And yet they're successful. Hugely successful, hugely success. Don't get it.
Yeah. When you guys do a show,
you don't really have like a full script in terms of.
No, we have a very tight outline. We have seven pages written outline.
Larry has written the story. Right. And in that story,
maybe a half dozen things are like says this or she
says that.
You're have to move the story a little yes.
For story purposes. Not cuz it's a great joke. Right.
And then I play it every time differently unless I'm told by the director
or I'm one of the producers, we have a meeting of like,
we need to get this across.
This is not coming across and I'll make an adjustment. Right.
But in general I try and do it different. Every single.
Take that is so crazy in how many takes will you do?
Well, if it's Larry and I just us, he and I alone in the scene, it, we can,
we can have a scene done in less than an hour.
But if there's a bunch of other people could be three hours.
Wow. And the idea is just like, this is what needs to take place. We,
we have to figure out how to right.
Get across the fact that the refrigerators broken and we're gonna have to go eye
ice and who's gonna buy the ice. I don't wanna drive to buy the ice. Right.
And then you're all just talking.
It's more in depth than that. The story is really there. Right. But yes,
how we approach it. And sometimes that can change things. But that's one.
Of the reasons why the show is so good because it seems so organic when you guys
are talking.
It is well, that's what, what I get out of it. We don't rehearse.
That's amazing rehearsal. Um, the Goldbergs,
we don't even do a lot of rehearsing, but I have to stick to the script.
If I want to improvise on the Goldbergs, I have to let, uh,
the producers know not to get permission, to let 'em know this take,
I'm gonna do something different. And I have to let my fellow actors know. Ah.
That's interesting. Have.
To, I have to let my, I.
Still do adjust to go from two different styles.
I w I don't know that it's difficult, but I find the curb, your enthusiasm way,
way more enjoyable. Oh, I'm sure. But I'm really proud.
The Goldbergs is the number one show on TV that families watch together.
So I'm very proud of that. And I get why people dig it. It's not my style,
but when I watch it, occasionally I don't watch it very often.
I get why people dig it. I'm not confused by the show. Right, right, right.
You know what I mean? Yeah. Like these other shows we're talking about,
I'll be confused as to why they're successful, why they're on the air.
But other ones I watch, like I watch modern family. I get why people dig it.
Right, right, right. It makes total sense to me. Yeah. Yeah. You know? Um,
so it's, it's much more enjoyable during the curve thing.
It's Eder and all that,
but I still dig the Goldbergs and I also dig the crew and dig the people I
work with and I dig the writers. So it's a very positive, wonderful experience.
And I'm lucky I'm on one of the most popular network comedies.
And I'm on the most popular alternative comedy. How'd you get to be so lucky.
Don't what, by the way, I'm grateful. I, I keep on getting told in therapy,
don't say lucky so much. Why is by why he tell you that?
Because grateful because I do have something to do with it,
but not from an ego standpoint of like, I've worked hard, I've done this.
I've done that. Yeah. So I'm just incredibly grateful. You're lucky too.
I, I think I'm lucky too. You're lucky. You're grateful by the way.
What have I told you? I'm not kidding. That dude has taught me so much.
That might be the only thing I disagree with him on. Yeah. He doesn't know. No.
Lucky is good. You know, Roger.